We really want to know how our confusion matrix is behaving.
So we're going to just use the standard gold for that.
We're going to just use the psyche to learn gold available.
We can just copy and paste this function plot confusion matrix in the psyche.
What page.
OK
well mission d by Matlab leave pipeful out Library.
We're going to just copy the missing imports.
We actually already have that one.
So that's not neither.
We have now defined our function to plot the Confucian matrix will now use it.
We're going to now plot our confusion matrix.
First we need to get the predictions for our next test in.
OK.
And we're going to use the product method applied to the model.
We're just trying for that we'll also need to transform our Y test buyable into a pun that data friends.
OK that's dinted input for our confusion matrix.
Now we're going to create the confusion matrix.
We're going to fast.
Why test the expected output the predictions.
We just we're to run those.
Right.
So we're going to just print the confusion matrix.
But that's not really too nice.
We're going to try to see what this actually means.
OK.
So we're going to use deep plot confusion matrix function with just defined.
I think I'm missing an import here.
OK.
So I just run that again.
We're going to use that function we're going to get the confusion matrix.
We've just defined that the same as here.
We also need to define the classes we're going to just use 0 1 to represent the both kind of transactions
that we have.
So now we're going to show that OK I'm here we keep that confusion matrix
and we can see that almost every non fraudulent transaction we could detect correctly.
We got a lot of their fraudulent transactions but we still missed a lot of the fraudulently on suctions
that we marked us non fraud and that these 36 were verdict that US not non-troll Lent.
OK.
That is the issue here.
But the true label was one meaning distance suctions were fraudulent.
That means that four to six out of almost one hundred and fifty users were able to steal from us.
Let's do one final thing.
Let us plot the same confusion matrix but for our entire Daddles will later on apply different sampling
techniques and we want some objective measures on how our model is performing.
So let us repeat this in gold as before but with different Parminter this time.
Notice that this time we are using the entire experimentor instead of trying.
Or X this
let's transform this way must be for everything into our plan.
That's a frame.
We are also regulating us before our confusion matrix I will apply the same function as before.
So this is exactly the same code as before.
Nothing you just with different parameters
so we come over 100 fraudulent transactions that got an incorrect label.